









Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee
Minutes

Electronic Meeting


September 9, 2021

Present











Regrets



Staff








Stewart Hamilton, Chair
Lara Hintlemann
Debbie Keay
Jayne Spearin
Simon Terry
Andre Vallillee

Councillor Akapo
Dennis Carter-Edwards
Elizabeth King

Call to Order

Confirmation of Minutes

Moved by Debbie Keay

Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator
Colin Walsh, Heritage Programming Assistant
Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator

The electronic meting was called to order by Stewart Hamilton, Chair at 5:07 p.m.
Stewart welcomed and introduced Andre Vallillee.
That the minutes of the June 3, 2021 meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee be approved.
Carried
Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest
There were no Disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.

Reports and Communications
September Heritage Preservation Office Report
Report PACAC21-013
Moved by Lara Hintlemann
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC21-013, dated September 9, 2021, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for June, July and August 2021, be received for information.


Carried
Overview of Changes to the Heritage Act
Report PACAC21-014
Moved by Jayne Spearin
Carried
Planning Circulations for June-August
Report PACAC21-015
Moved by Lara Hintlemann
Carried
Other Business
There were no items of Other Business.
Next Meeting - October 7, 2021
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC21-014, dated September 9, 2021, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the presentation on the 2021 changes to the Ontario Heritage Act be received for information.
That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC21-015, dated September 9, 2021, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:
That the PACAC receive and provide comment as required on Planning circulations received in from June to August 2021.
Adjournment
Moved by Debbie Keay
That the meeting adjourn at 5:58 p.m.
Carried
_________________________
Kendra Sedgwick
Committee Coordinator
_________________________
Stewart Hamilton
Chair




