<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<p>MINUTES OF THE MEETING</p>
<br>
<p>Jan. 13, 2012</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>PRESENT:   Paul Armstrong, Katherine Blackwood, City Councillor Henry Clarke, Barry</p>
<br>
<p>Crawford, Barb Fowler, Gayl Hutchison, John Martyn, Christine McKay, Linda</p>
<p>Saunders, Sarah Tate, County Councillor Ron Windover</p>
<br>
<p>Suzie Johnson, Dorothy Olver, Sally Samis</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>STAFF:</p>
<br>
<p>REGRETS:  John Bennett, Melinda Rees, Kelly Scott,</p>
<br>
<p>GUESTS:   None</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>1.  WELCOME and INTRODUCTIONS</p>
<br>
<p>2.  APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA</p>
<br>
<p>Motion: That AHAC approve the Agenda</p>
<p>M. Gayle Hutchison</p>
<p>S. Paul Armstrong</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>3.  APPROVAL OF PREVIOUS MINUTES~ December 9, 2011</p>
<br>
<p>Motion: That AHAC approve the minutes of December 9, 2011</p>
<p>M. Gayl Hutchison</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<p>S. Christine McKay</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>4.  DELEGATIONS/GUESTS</p>
<br>
<p>None</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>5.  COMMUNITY UPDATES</p>
<br>
<p>5.1. John Martyn said Chris Kawalec, Coordinator for Peterborough Poverty Reduction</p>
<br>
<p>Network has been hired by the City of Peterborough as the Coordinator for the</p>
<p>Community Social Plan. The PPRN is looking for a Coordinator. John Martyn gave an</p>
<p>update on the Prince of Wales Neighbourhood Hub. Councillor Windover asked how</p>
<p>the County is involved with the Hub. John Martyn said that PPRN is in talks to</p>
<p>develop a similar hub in Norwood.</p>
<p>John Martyn reported that plans for the Food Depot are moving forward.</p>
<br>
<p>5.2. Linda Saunders said that CMHA is having a brainstorming session and she will</p>
<br>
<p>circulate the notes from that session. Linda Saunders suggested inviting the CMHA</p>
<p>Housing Manager to the next meeting.</p>
<br>
<p>5.3. Sarah Tate said that the Township of Smith Ennismore Lakefield has donated a lot to</p>
<br>
<p>Habitat for Humanity and is selling two other lots with the funds going into an</p>
<p>Affordable Housing fund.</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>MINUTES OF THE MEETING</p>
<p>Jan. 13, 2012</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>PRESENT:   Paul Armstrong, Katherine Blackwood, City Councillor Henry Clarke, Barry</p>
<p>Crawford, Barb Fowler, Gayl Hutchison, John Martyn, Christine McKay, Linda Saunders, Sarah Tate, County Councillor Ron Windover</p>
<p>Suzie Johnson, Dorothy Olver, Sally Samis</p>
<p>STAFF:</p>
<p>REGRETS:  John Bennett, Melinda Rees, Kelly Scott,</p>
<p>GUESTS:   None</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>1.  WELCOME and INTRODUCTIONS</p>
<p>2.  APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA</p>
<p>Motion: That AHAC approve the Agenda M. Gayle Hutchison S. Paul Armstrong Carried</p>
<br>
<p>3.  APPROVAL OF PREVIOUS MINUTES~ December 9, 2011</p>
<p>Motion: That AHAC approve the minutes of December 9, 2011 M. Gayl Hutchison Carried</p>
<p>S. Christine McKay</p>
<p>4.  DELEGATIONS/GUESTS</p>
<p>None</p>
<p>5.  COMMUNITY UPDATES</p>
<p>5.1. John Martyn said Chris Kawalec, Coordinator for Peterborough Poverty Reduction</p>
<p>Network has been hired by the City of Peterborough as the Coordinator for the Community Social Plan. The PPRN is looking for a Coordinator. John Martyn gave an update on the Prince of Wales Neighbourhood Hub. Councillor Windover asked how the County is involved with the Hub. John Martyn said that PPRN is in talks to develop a similar hub in Norwood. John Martyn reported that plans for the Food Depot are moving forward.</p>
<p>5.2. Linda Saunders said that CMHA is having a brainstorming session and she will</p>
<p>circulate the notes from that session. Linda Saunders suggested inviting the CMHA Housing Manager to the next meeting.</p>
<p>5.3. Sarah Tate said that the Township of Smith Ennismore Lakefield has donated a lot to</p>
<p>Habitat for Humanity and is selling two other lots with the funds going into an Affordable Housing fund.</p>
<br></div>