<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation</p>
<p>Advisory Committee Minutes</p>
<p>City of Peterborough</p>
<p>May 4, 2017</p>
<p>Draft Minutes Not Approved</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation</p>
<p>Advisory Committee held on May 4, 2017 in the Doris Room, City Hall.</p>
<br>
<p>The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was</p>
<p>called to order at 6:00 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair in the Doris Room, City Hall.</p>
<p>Present: Ivan Bateman Paul Lumsden Jacqueline Irwin Stewart Hamilton, Chair Kaes Vanderkooy Steve Guerin Councillor Pappas (arrived at 6:46 p.m.)</p>
<p>Regrets: Martin Parker James Bradburn</p>
<p>Staff: Becky Rogers, Manager, Arts, Culture and Heritage Division Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Briar Sutherland, Heritage Researcher Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Minutes – April 6, 2017</p>
<p>Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on April 6, 2017 be approved.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory</p>
<p>Committee Minutes</p>
<p>Meeting of May 4, 2017</p>
<p>Page 2</p>
<p>Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest</p>
<p>There were no disclosures of interest.</p>
<p>Consent Agenda</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That items 3 and 4 be approved as part of the Consent Agenda.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-021 Adoption of Regulation 9/06 of the Ontario Heritage Act</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC17-021, dated May 4, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)</p>
<p>That the current PACAC scoring system for determining heritage significance be replaced; and,</p>
<p>That regulation 9/06 of the Ontario Heritage Act, R.S.O. 1990 be adopted as the criteria for determining cultural heritage value or interest of a cultural resource by the municipality.</p>
<p>b)</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory</p>
<p>Committee Minutes</p>
<p>Meeting of May 4, 2017</p>
<p>Page 3</p>
<p>Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-022 Heritage Conservation Plan Funding</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC17-022, dated May 4, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the Chair of the PACAC forward a letter to Council requesting that a capital budget allocation be included in the 2018 municipal budget for the completion of a Heritage Conservation Plan for the downtown.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-023 Heritage Preservation Office Report</p>
<p>Moved by Steve Guerin</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC17-023, dated May 4, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for April, 2017 be received for information.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Other Business</p>
<p>There were no items of Other Business.</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory</p>
<p>Committee Minutes</p>
<p>Meeting of May 4, 2017</p>
<p>Page 4</p>
<p>Next Meeting</p>
<p>The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for June1, 2017.</p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
<p>Moved by Councillor Pappas</p>
<p>That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:48 p.m.</p>
<p>"CARRIED"</p>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<br></div>