<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee</p>
<p>Minutes</p>
<br>
<p>Electronic Meeting</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>September 9, 2021</p>
<br>
<p>Present</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Regrets</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Staff</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<p>Lara Hintlemann</p>
<p>Debbie Keay</p>
<p>Jayne Spearin</p>
<p>Simon Terry</p>
<p>Andre Vallillee</p>
<br>
<p>Councillor Akapo</p>
<p>Dennis Carter-Edwards</p>
<p>Elizabeth King</p>
<br>
<p>Call to Order</p>
<br>
<p>Confirmation of Minutes</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Debbie Keay</p>
<br>
<p>Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator</p>
<p>Colin Walsh, Heritage Programming Assistant</p>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<br>
<p>The electronic meting was called to order by Stewart Hamilton, Chair at 5:07 p.m.</p>
<p>Stewart welcomed and introduced Andre Vallillee.</p>
<p>That the minutes of the June 3, 2021 meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee be approved.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest</p>
<p>There were no Disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.</p>
<br>
<p>Reports and Communications</p>
<p>September Heritage Preservation Office Report</p>
<p>Report PACAC21-013</p>
<p>Moved by Lara Hintlemann</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC21-013, dated September 9, 2021, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for June, July and August 2021, be received for information.</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Overview of Changes to the Heritage Act</p>
<p>Report PACAC21-014</p>
<p>Moved by Jayne Spearin</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Planning Circulations for June-August</p>
<p>Report PACAC21-015</p>
<p>Moved by Lara Hintlemann</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Other Business</p>
<p>There were no items of Other Business.</p>
<p>Next Meeting - October 7, 2021</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC21-014, dated September 9, 2021, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the presentation on the 2021 changes to the Ontario Heritage Act be received for information.</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC21-015, dated September 9, 2021, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the PACAC receive and provide comment as required on Planning circulations received in from June to August 2021.</p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
<p>Moved by Debbie Keay</p>
<p>That the meeting adjourn at 5:58 p.m.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>_________________________</p>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick</p>
<p>Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>_________________________</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton</p>
<p>Chair</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br></div>