<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee</p>
<p>Minutes</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>June 12, 2018</p>
<br>
<p>Present</p>
<br>
<p>Staff</p>
<br>
<p>Call to Order</p>
<br>
<p>Councillor Pappas</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<p>Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>Ivan Bateman</p>
<p>Steve Guerin</p>
<p>Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>James Bradburn</p>
<p>Jacqueline Irwin</p>
<p>Martin Parker (arrived at 5:11 p.m.)</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator</p>
<p>Emily Turner, Heritage Researcher</p>
<p>Karen Rennie, Manager Arts Culture & Heritage</p>
<br>
<p>The meeting was called to order at 5:00 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair, in the Auditorium, Community Services Office.</p>
<p>Confirmation of Minutes</p>
<p>Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting minutes of May 3, 2018 be approved.</p>
<p>The Chair welcomed Karen Rennie, Manager of Arts, Culture and Heritage to the meeting.</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of June 12, 2018</p>
<p>That items 5.d., 5.e., 5.f., 5.g. and 5.h. be passed as part of the Consent Agenda.</p>
<p>Consent Agenda - 5.d., 5.e., 5.f., 5.g., 5.h.</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>By-law Amendment for 266 Burnham Street Report PACAC18-025</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC18-025, dated June 12, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)   That by-law 1981-165 enabling designation of 266 Burnham Street under Part IV of the Ontario Heritage Act be amended to capture the change in legal title for the property as the result of a severance;</p>
<p>b)   That the PACAC forward to Council its recommendation regarding the</p>
<p>amendment of designation by-law 1981-165 for 266 Burnham Street.</p>
<p>Ontario Heritage Conference Report PACAC18-027</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC18-027, dated June 12, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)  That the PACAC receive for information the update on the status of the 2020</p>
<p>Ontario Heritage Conference application; and</p>
<p>b)  That the PACAC express their interest to Community Heritage Ontario to</p>
<p>host the 2021 Ontario Heritage Conference.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of June 12, 2018</p>
<p>Heritage Budget Items Report PACAC18-029</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC18-029, dated June 12, 2018, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)   That the PACAC formally support the allocation of funds for signage in the Avenues and Neighbourhood Heritage Conservation District, the expansion of the Heritage Property Tax Relief boundaries, and a neighbourhood character study in the 2019 City budget, and;</p>
<p>b)   That the recommendation be forwarded to Council for its consideration.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Heritage Designation Plaques Report PACAC18-030</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC18-030, dated June 12, 2018, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)   That one plaque be purchased from Riverside Brass and Aluminum Foundry,</p>
<p>of New Hamburg Ontario at a total cost of $151.56, including freight and all applicable taxes.</p>
<p>b)   That four plaques be installed by Jeremy van Berkel, at a total cost of</p>
<p>$135.60.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of June 12, 2018</p>
<p>June Heritage Preservation Office Report Report PACAC18-023</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC18-023, dated June 12, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for May 2018 be received for information.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Presentation on Summer Student Projects Report PACAC18-026</p>
<p>Kieran August-Tuck, summer student and Lisa Oversby, Heritage Preservation Intern provided the Committee with an overview of their current projects.</p>
<p>Moved by Dean Pappas</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC18-026, dated June 12, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the PACAC receive for information a presentation regarding the activities and projects of summer students in the Heritage Preservation Office.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Review of Heritage Conservation District Grant Applications Report PACAC18-024</p>
<p>Moved by Jacqueline Irwin</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC18-024, dated June 12, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the Heritage Conservation District Preservation Incentive Grant applications for 305 Margaret Avenue and 298 Frederick Avenue be approved.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of June 12, 2018</p>
<p>Heritage Insurance Event Report PACAC18-028</p>
<p>Moved by James Bradburn</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC18-028, dated June 12, 2018, of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)   That the PACAC approve a budget of $1000 toward the cost of hosting a</p>
<p>Heritage Insurance Workshop in Fall/Winter 2018-19; and,</p>
<p>b)   That the PACAC appoint Steve Guerin, Jacqueline Irwin and Stewart</p>
<p>Hamilton to assist with the organization of the Heritage Insurance Workshop.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Other Business</p>
<p>Moved by Martin Parker</p>
<p>That PACAC approve an upset limit of $1000 for the purchase of 300 mugs.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
<p>Moved by Dean Pappas</p>
<p>That this meeting adjourn at 5:58 p.m.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<br>
<br>
<br></div>