<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<p>Accessibility Advisory Committee</p>
<p>Transportation Sub-Committee Minutes - Draft</p>
<p>November 18, 2015 at 1:00 p.m.</p>
<p>Sutherland Room, City Hall</p>
<br>
<p>Present:</p>
<p>Janet Ali (Chair)</p>
<p>Peter Bascan (left at 2:30 p.m.)</p>
<p>Marie Bongard</p>
<p>Andrea Dodsworth (left at 2:50 p.m.)</p>
<p>Marty Morgan</p>
<p>Lynn Morris</p>
<p>John Morris</p>
<p>Anne Trudel-Inglis</p>
<p>Councillor Don Vassiliadis</p>
<br>
<p>Staff:</p>
<p>Kevin Jones (Transportation Manager)</p>
<p>Mark Buffone (Accessibility Compliance Coordinator)</p>
<p>Sharron Hayton (Customer Service Coordinator)</p>
<br>
<p>Guests:</p>
<p>Catherine Pink (Community Care Peterborough)</p>
<p>Councillor Keith Riel</p>
<br>
<p>Regrets:</p>
<p>None</p>
<br>
<p>Welcome</p>
<br>
<p>Call to Order</p>
<br>
<p>Janet Ali, Chair, called the meeting to order at 1:05 p.m.</p>
<br>
<p>Disclosure of a Conflict of Interest</p>
<br>
<p>No conflict of interest was disclosed.</p>
<br>
<p>Appendix A</p>
<br>
<p>Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee</p>
<p>November 18, 2015</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Page 2</p>
<br>
<p>Approval of Agenda</p>
<br>
<p>That the agenda for the AAC Transportation Committee dated November 18, 2015 be</p>
<p>approved.</p>
<br>
<p>Approved on consensus</p>
<br>
<p>Approval of Previous Minutes</p>
<br>
<p>That the Transportation Sub-Committee minutes dated September 16, 2015 be</p>
<p>approved.</p>
<br>
<p>Approved on consensus</p>
<br>
<p>Business Arising from the Previous Minutes</p>
<br>
<p>a)</p>
<br>
<p>Status of ongoing Transit Business</p>
<br>
<p>i.</p>
<br>
<p>Handi-Van reservation software update</p>
<br>
<p>Kevin Jones reported that it is difficult to speak to some of the general</p>
<p>issues. He encouraged the committee to submit specific details for each</p>
<p>individual issue, addressed to Kevin Jones or Gary Noakes.</p>
<br>
<p>Kevin Jones reported the Handi-Van service has already reached 40,000</p>
<p>trips this year. In comparison, the total number of trips completed last year</p>
<p>did not reach 40,000. The service averages 7 to 10 new users a week,</p>
<p>resulting in more competition for prime travel times. He emphasized that</p>
<p>trip lengths should be compared to the conventional transit system’s 40</p>
<p>minute service for low peak times and 20 minute service for high peak</p>
<p>times. The new system can analyse where there is demand for trip times</p>
<p>and can provide insight on future need for alternative solutions such as a</p>
<p>Taxi Scrip program, purchasing more Handi-Vans and Transit budget</p>
<p>needs.</p>
<br>
<p>Marie Bongard noted the old system had a waiting list process. Kevin</p>
<p>Jones reported there are internal Transit discussions to track trips not</p>
<p>accommodated.</p>
<br>
<p>Marty Morgan asked if there is a priority process to accommodate medical</p>
<p>trips. Kevin Jones reported there is not a priority process. The service is</p>
<p>first come first serve. However, when people book a subscription they can</p>
<p>accommodate routine trips.</p>
<br>
<p>Mark Buffone requested Transit review or develop a script for the</p>
<p>reservationists to deal with some general issues, such as AM vs. PM</p>
<br>
<p>Appendix A</p>
<p>Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee November 18, 2015</p>
<br>
<p>Page 3</p>
<p>bookings, confirmation of travel times, clarify arrival time vs. pick-up time and determine if there is flexibility in the time request.</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to coordinate review of script for reservationists</p>
<p>Marie Bongard noted the automated message has a different contact number than the usual Handi-Van phone numbers.</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to review all Handi-Van phone numbers</p>
<p>Kevin Jones noted a date has not been set to launch the online reservation feature tool.</p>
<p>ii.</p>
<p>Progress of installing accessible bus stops and shelters</p>
<p>Marie Bongard asked how Transit determines which bus stops need only a bench on a concrete pad vs. a shelter. Kevin Jones noted boarding counts will help assess needs. He also reported a transit rider survey will take place in 2016. The data collected from the survey may assist in better understanding needs for bus stops and shelters.</p>
<p>Lynn Morris reported the bench at the bus stop by Pizza Hut at Parkhill and George is in poor condition.</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to notify advertising contractor of required bench repairs at Parkhill and George.</p>
<p>The committee has one bus stop on their priority list. The bus stop located at the Armour Road and Hunter Street intersection.</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to review if it is possible to upgrade bus stop and shelter needs at the Armour and Hunter intersection.</p>
<p>iii.</p>
<p>Conventional Transit vehicle fleet</p>
<p>Kevin Jones confirmed the Chemong Road bus route uses vehicles equipped with three mobility aid spaces, along with the Monaghan Route. He also reported Transit is receiving delivery of three new buses this month.</p>
<p>Kevin Jones reported a technical issue with pre-boarding announcement kits on 90% of vehicles has been repaired. 100% of the vehicles will be equipped with pre-boarding announcements by the end of the year.</p>
<p>Appendix A</p>
<p>Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee November 18, 2015</p>
<br>
<p>Page 4</p>
<p>iv.</p>
<p>Transit terminal renovation</p>
<p>Kevin Jones reported that Phase One of the terminal renovation is complete. Phase Two work is in progress and is expected to be completed by middle of February.</p>
<p>Marie Bongard noted there is an issue with smoking adjacent to the temporary shelter located in the trailer.</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to coordinate installation of additional no- smoking signs and ensure security guards manage the issue.</p>
<p>v.</p>
<p>Handi-Van Eligibility Application Package</p>
<p>Kevin Jones reported Transit has not implemented the new application.</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to review the final draft and implement the new application.</p>
<p>vi.</p>
<p>Transit Affordability Program</p>
<p>Survey phase is complete. Next step is a public meeting in early 2016.</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to notify the committee of the public meeting date when scheduled.</p>
<p>b)</p>
<p>List of recommended curb cuts</p>
<p>The committee noted they require mapping tools and a presentation by Public Works to better determine priorities.</p>
<p>Action Item: Accessibility Office to coordinate a presentation by Public Works and coordinate mapping materials for the next meeting.</p>
<p>c)</p>
<p>List of recommended sidewalk improvements</p>
<p>The committee noted they require mapping tools and a presentation by Public Works to better determine priorities.</p>
<p>Action Item: Accessibility Office to coordinate a presentation by Public Works and coordinate mapping materials for the next meeting.</p>
<p>d)</p>
<p>List of accessible pedestrian signals (APS)</p>
<p>The committee reviewed the priority list and determined CNIB should be consulted to obtain their recommendation for the 5 listed intersections. [Post meeting note: CNIB noted Monaghan/Cameron intersection is priority #1]</p>
<p>Action Item: Kevin Jones to investigate the Monaghan/Cameron intersection to determine if it is feasible to retrofit the signalized intersection with an APS.</p>
<p>Appendix A</p>
<p>Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee November 18, 2015</p>
<br>
<p>Page 5</p>
<p>e)</p>
<p>Roundabout Intersection Design</p>
<p>Kevin Jones noted a roundabout is planned for construction at the intersection of Parkhill and Braeley/Ackison.</p>
<p>Action Item: Mark Buffone to research best practices for accessible roundabout design and report back to the committee.</p>
<p>f)</p>
<p>Update on Review of Terms of Reference</p>
<p>Deferred until the Accessibility Coordinator position is filled.</p>
<p>New Business</p>
<p>a)</p>
<p>Handi-Van education to public</p>
<p>Marty Morgan noted more education on Handi-Van service is needed, such as informal user training and importance of clearly describing trip requests. The committee discussed ideas for a communication strategy that may involve volunteers in the community. The communication strategy can address Marie Bongard’s feedback on riders being scared to voice their concerns regarding trip issues.</p>
<p>b)</p>
<p>Committee representation by Community Care Peterborough</p>
<p>Catherine Pink from Community Care requested she be replaced by Anne Trudel-Inglis, Program Coordinator from Community Care. Catherine intends to still attend the occasional meeting as a guest.</p>
<p>Action Item: Accessibility Office to discuss.</p>
<p>Next Meeting</p>
<p>The next regular meeting of the AAC Transportation Committee is to be held on Wednesday January 20, 2015 at 1:00 p.m., Sutherland Room, City Hall</p>
<p>Adjourned</p>
<p>Meeting adjourned at 3:04 p.m.</p>
<p>Appendix A</p>
<br></div>