<!doctype html><div><p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee</p>
<p>Minutes</p>
<br>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<p>Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>Ivan Bateman</p>
<p>Steve Guerin</p>
<p>Jacqueline Irwin</p>
<br>
<p>Councillor Pappas</p>
<p>Martin Parker</p>
<p>Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>James Bradburn</p>
<br>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator</p>
<p>Emily Turner, Heritage Researcher</p>
<br>
<p>Confirmation of Minutes</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Steve Guerin</p>
<br>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes</p>
<p>of February 1, 2018 be approved.</p>
<br>
<p>Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest</p>
<br>
<p>There were no Disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Consent Agenda</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<br>
<p>That item 5.b. be approved as part of the Consent Agenda.</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>March 1, 2018</p>
<br>
<p>Present:</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Regrets:</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Staff Present:</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>1</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of March 1, 2018</p>
<br>
<p>YMCA Redevelopment Update</p>
<p>Report PACAC18-014</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<br>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve</p>
<p>the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC18-014, dated March 1, 2018 of the</p>
<p>Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<br>
<p>That the PACAC receive for information the draft application, attached as</p>
<p>Appendix A, for alteration for the YMCA redevelopment.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Planning Department Presentation Report PACAC18-012</p>
<p>Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC18-012, dated March 1, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the PACAC receive a presentation from planning department staff and provide feedback.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>February Heritage Preservation Office Report Report PACAC18-013</p>
<p>Moved by Steve Guerin</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC18-013, dated March 1, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for February 2018 be received for information.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of March 1, 2018</p>
<p>That King George School be recommended to Council for designation pursuant to Part IV, Section 29 of the Ontario Heritage Act as being of cultural heritage value or interest.</p>
<p>That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 6:28 p.m.</p>
<p>Other Business</p>
<p>Designation of King George School</p>
<p>Moved by Ivan Bateman</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
<p>Moved by Steve Guerin</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<br>
<br>
<br></div>