<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation</p>
<p>Advisory Committee Minutes</p>
<p>City of Peterborough</p>
<p>September 7, 2017</p>
<p>Draft Minutes Not Approved</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Minutes of a Meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation</p>
<p>Advisory Committee held on September 7, 2017 in the Auditorium,</p>
<p>Community Services Office, 210 Wolfe Street.</p>
<br>
<p>The meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee was</p>
<p>called to order at 7:00 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair, in the Auditorium, Community Services Office.</p>
<p>Present: Ivan Bateman Jacqueline Irwin Stewart Hamilton, Chair James Bradburn Kaes Vanderkooy Paul Lumsden Steve Guerin (7:05 p.m.)</p>
<p>Regrets: Martin Parker Councillor Pappas</p>
<p>Staff: Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator Emily Turner, Heritage Researcher Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Erik Hanson introduced the new Heritage Researcher, Emily Turner to the Committee.</p>
<p>Minutes – June 1, 2017</p>
<p>Moved by James Bradburn</p>
<p>That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on June 1, 2017 be approved.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory</p>
<p>Committee Minutes</p>
<p>Meeting of September 7, 2017</p>
<p>Page 2</p>
<br>
<p>Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest</p>
<p>There were no disclosures of interest.</p>
<p>Consent Agenda</p>
<p>No items were passed as part of the Consent Agenda.</p>
<p>Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-029 Approval of Funding – Heritage Hunt 2018</p>
<p>Moved by Steve Guerin</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC17-029, dated September 7, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve a budget of $1,500 for the coordination and publicity associated with the 2018 Heritage Hunt.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-028 September Heritage Preservation Office Report</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC17-028, dated September 7, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for June, July, and August, 2017 be received for information.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory</p>
<p>Committee Minutes</p>
<p>Meeting of September 7, 2017</p>
<p>Page 3</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>That the Chair send a letter to the Planning Department outlining the Committee’s concerns with the Zoning By-law Amendment Application for 186 Romaine Street.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Jacqueline Irwin left the meeting at 8:06 p.m.</p>
<p>Moved by Steve Guerin</p>
<p>That the Chair send a letter to the Planning Department, outlining the Committee’s request for consideration of the heritage value of the 1950 design elements at 175 Hunter Street East, during the site plan approval process.</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<p>Heritage Resources Coordinator Report PACAC17-030 Review of Meeting Time</p>
<p>Moved by Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>That the PACAC approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC17-030, dated September 7, 2017 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)</p>
<p>That the monthly meetings of the PACAC begin at 5:00 pm EDT beginning in October 2017, and;</p>
<p>That a budget of $600.00 be allocated to provide dinner for the committee members at each meeting.</p>
<p>b)</p>
<p>“CARRIED”</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory</p>
<p>Committee Minutes</p>
<p>Meeting of September 7, 2017</p>
<p>Page 4</p>
<p>Other Business</p>
<p>There were no items of Other Business.</p>
<p>Next Meeting</p>
<p>The Chair indicated that the next meeting of the Committee is scheduled for October 5, 2017.</p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
<p>Moved by James Bradburn</p>
<p>That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 8:23 p.m.</p>
<p>"CARRIED"</p>
<p>Kendra Sedgwick, Committee Coordinator</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<br></div>