<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee</p>
<p>Minutes</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>April 10, 2018</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Present</p>
<br>
<p>Regrets</p>
<br>
<p>Councillor Pappas</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<p>Ivan Bateman</p>
<p>Steve Guerin</p>
<p>Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>Jacqueline Irwin</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Kaes Vanderkooy</p>
<p>Martin Parker</p>
<p>James Bradburn</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Staff Present</p>
<br>
<p>Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator</p>
<p>Emily Turner, Heritage Researcher</p>
<p>Natalie Garnett, Deputy City Clerk</p>
<br>
<p>Call to Order</p>
<br>
<p>The special meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory</p>
<p>Committee was called to order at 3:06 p.m. by Stewart Hamilton, Chair, in the Doris Room, City Hall.</p>
<p>Confirmation of Minutes</p>
<p>Moved by Steve Guerin</p>
<p>That the minutes of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee meeting held on March 1, 2018 be approved.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest</p>
<p>There were no disclosures of Pecuniary Interest.</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of April 10, 2018</p>
<p>That item 5.b. be approved as part of the Consent Agenda.</p>
<p>Consent Agenda - 5.b.</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>April Heritage Preservation Office Report</p>
<p>Report PACAC18-015</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PACAC18-015, dated April 5, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>That the report with respect to the activities of the Heritage Preservation Office for March 2018 be received for information.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<p>Official Plan Review Input</p>
<p>Report PACAC18-017</p>
<p>Moved by Paul Lumsden</p>
<p>Erik Hanson, Heritage Resources Coordinator, led the Committee in a discussion regarding principles for heritage conservation as part of the Official Plan review process.</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee approve the recommendations outlined in Report PACAC18-017, dated April 5, 2018 of the Heritage Resources Coordinator, as follows:</p>
<p>a)   That the committee undertake a process to develop a series of overarching</p>
<p>principles for heritage conservation in the core area of the city for incorporation into the scope of work of the four-day charrette proposed as part of the official plan review process, and</p>
<p>that the committee retains the expertise of a recognized heritage professional to engage in the planning process and delivery of the official plan review charrette as it pertains specifically to heritage, and</p>
<p>that the committee reallocate up to a maximum of $3,000 of the funds currently approved for the Martha Kidd commemoration for the purpose of hiring the heritage professional, and</p>
<p>b)</p>
<p>c)</p>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee minutes of April 10, 2018</p>
<p>d)</p>
<p>e)</p>
<p>that the chair of the committee corresponds with the city’s Director of Planning and Development Services to request that all members of PACAC be invited to take part in the planning charrette, and</p>
<p>that the outcome of the planning session the overarching principles developed for heritage conservation in the core area be forwarded to Council for endorsement as the heritage committee’s official position on supporting heritage conservation in the core area.</p>
<p>Ken Doherty, Director of Community Services, arrived at the meeting at 4:27 p.m. to present an item under Other Business regarding properties in the City's Heritage Registry.</p>
<p>The Chair indicated that the next meeting is scheduled for May 3, 2018.</p>
<p>That this meeting of the Peterborough Architectural Conservation Advisory Committee adjourn at 4:40 p.m.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Other Business</p>
<p>Next Meeting - May 3, 2018</p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
<p>Moved by Councillor Pappas</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>_________________________</p>
<p>Natalie Garnett, Deputy Clerk</p>
<p>_________________________</p>
<p>Stewart Hamilton, Chair</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br></div>