<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Peterborough Environmental Advisory Committee Minutes</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Electronic Meeting</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>September 15, 2021</p>
<br>
<p>Present</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Regrets</p>
<br>
<p>Staff</p>
<br>
<p>Clara Blakelock</p>
<p>Dana Jordan</p>
<p>Mary Elizabeth Konrad</p>
<p>Peter Lafleur</p>
<p>Craig Mortlock</p>
<p>Sandra Orsatti, Chair</p>
<p>Stephanie Rutherford</p>
<p>Councillor Zippel</p>
<br>
<p>Fraser Smith</p>
<br>
<p>Brad Appleby, Planner, Subdivision Control and Special Projects</p>
<p>James Byrne, Ultimate Climate Change Coordinator</p>
<p>Nolan Drumm, Planning Assistant</p>
<p>Natalie Garnett, Deputy Clerk</p>
<p>Ken Hetherington, Chief Planner</p>
<p>Milan Nguyen, Planner, Policy and Research</p>
<p>Michael Papadacos, Manager, Infrastructure Planning</p>
<p>Alexey Shcherbin, Assistant Planner</p>
<br>
<p>Call to Order</p>
<br>
<p>The Chair called the meeting to order at 5:32 p.m. and the members introduced</p>
<p>themselves.</p>
<br>
<p>That the minutes of the meeting of June 16, 2021 be approved.</p>
<br>
<p>Confirmation of Minutes</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Stephanie Rutherford</p>
<br>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Disclosure of Pecuniary Interest</p>
<br>
<p>Craig Mortlock declared a conflict with item 5C, as his business may be involved with</p>
<p>the Fire Hall project.</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>1</p>
<br>
<p>That item 5.c. be passed as part of the Consent Agenda.</p>
<br>
<p>Consent Agenda</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Peter Lafleur</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Reports and Communications</p>
<br>
<p>Climate Initiatives Update</p>
<br>
<p>Report PEAC21-023</p>
<br>
<p>Moved by Peter Lafleur</p>
<br>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<br>
<p>Report PEAC21-022</p>
<p>Moved by Councillor Zippel</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Final Draft Official Plan</p>
<p>Report PEAC21-021</p>
<p>Moved by Dana Jordan</p>
<p>That the PEAC approve the recommendation outlined in Report PEAC21-023 dated September 15, 2021 of the Manager of Infrastructure Management Division, as follows:</p>
<p>That the report be received for information.</p>
<p>Bird Friendly City and Bee City Canada Certification Requirements</p>
<p>That this item be deferred to a future meeting in 2022.</p>
<p>That the Peterborough Environmental Advisory Committee approve the recommendation outlined in Report PEAC21-021 dated September 15, 2021, of the Chief Planner as follows:</p>
<p>That the presentation from the Planning Division regarding the Final Draft Official Plan be received for information and that the following comments be provided to Planning staff:</p>
<p>The final draft is an impressive document that is well balanced and holistic in addressing competing land use priorities.</p>
<p>a)</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>c)</p>
<p>d)</p>
<p>e)</p>
<p>f)</p>
<p>b)</p>
<p>Climate change must appear early in the document and be a key feature of the OP emphasizing:</p>
<p>  The urgency of the climate crisis with an affirmation of the city’s</p>
<p>commitment to action upheld by the land use policies enshrined in this OP</p>
<p>  Recognition that Climate Change is one of the most important</p>
<p>factors influencing the health, safety, and future prosperity of our community</p>
<p>  Highlight the influence that climate change will have on planning and</p>
<p>infrastructure looking outward to the end of the plan in 2051</p>
<p>  State the targets and dates from city council’s 2019 Climate Change Emergency Declaration, and highlight that our first greenhouse gas emissions milestone is in 2030, which is only 9 years away from this new OP</p>
<p>The language be strengthened (i.e. “encourage” and ‘consider” to “shall” or “will” statements). PEAC believes the OP is a better document where it is specific and more prescriptive.</p>
<p>Radical changes need to be made in the early years of the OP if we plan to reach a decarbonized future by 2051.</p>
<p>The OP needs to address the changes that are coming in terms of alternative fuel sources, modes of transportation, green infrastructure and low impact development.</p>
<p>PEAC believes that the OP should address how the goals of the plan are monitored and evaluated.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<p>Other Business</p>
<p>Next Meeting - October 20, 2021</p>
<br>
<p>Staff will provide the Committee with information regarding an inventory of brownfield lands and possible future uses.</p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
<p>Moved by Craig Mortlock</p>
<p>That this meeting adjourn at 7:23 p.m.</p>
<p>Carried</p>
<br>
<p>_________________________</p>
<p>Natalie Garnett</p>
<p>Deputy Clerk</p>
<p>_________________________</p>
<p>Sandra Orsatti</p>
<p>Chair</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br></div>