<!doctype html><div><br>
<br>
<p>AAC15-027 Appendix A</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Accessibility Advisory Committee</p>
<p>Transportation Sub-Committee Minutes - Draft</p>
<p>May 20, 2015 at 1:00 p.m.</p>
<p>City Board Room, City Hall</p>
<br>
<p>Present:</p>
<p>Janet Ali (Chair)</p>
<p>Marie Bongard</p>
<p>Andrea Dodsworth</p>
<p>Marty Morgan</p>
<p>John Morris</p>
<p>Lyn Morris</p>
<br>
<p>Staff:</p>
<p>Kevin Jones (Transportation Manager)</p>
<p>Kathryn McLeod (Accessibility Coordinator/Recorder)</p>
<br>
<p>Regrets:</p>
<p>Brad Appleby, Planner, Subdivision Control and Special Projects</p>
<p>Peter Bascan</p>
<p>Catherine Pink</p>
<p>Councillor Don Vassiliadis</p>
<br>
<p>Welcome</p>
<br>
<p>Call to Order</p>
<br>
<p>Janet Ali, Chair, called the meeting to order at 1:10 p.m.</p>
<br>
<p>Disclosure of a Conflict of Interest</p>
<br>
<p>No conflict of interest was disclosed.</p>
<br>
<p>Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee</p>
<p>May 20, 2015</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Page 2</p>
<br>
<p>That the agenda for the AAC Transportation Committee dated May 20, 2015 be</p>
<p>approved.</p>
<br>
<p>Approval of Agenda</p>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<p>Approved on consensus</p>
<br>
<p>New Business</p>
<br>
<p>a)  Notice of Public Meeting for Official Plan Amendment; Zoning</p>
<br>
<p>By-Law Amendment; Draft Plan of Subdivision Approval for</p>
<p>1225, 1261 and 1289 Parkhill Road West</p>
<br>
<p>The Accessibility Coordinator indicated that Brad Appleby had to send his regrets</p>
<p>for the meeting, but had provided comprehensive information about the Draft</p>
<p>Plan of Subdivision to be shared with the Transportation Sub-Committee.</p>
<br>
<p>In her capacity as Accessibility Coordinator, Kathryn McLeod provided the Sub-</p>
<p>Committee with an overview of the project that touched upon the following</p>
<p>subjects:</p>
<br>
<p>•  Density, Housing Mix and Affordability</p>
<p>•  Vehicular and Pedestrian Connectivity</p>
<p>•  Loggerhead Marsh and Green Corridors</p>
<p>•  Location of green space and proposed recreational area</p>
<br>
<p>Based on this overview, the Transportation Sub-Committee put forward the</p>
<p>following recommendations:</p>
<br>
<p>i.</p>
<br>
<p>ii.</p>
<br>
<p>That the developer ensures that appropriate consideration is given to the</p>
<p>location of the playground and, in particular, its proximity to storm water</p>
<p>management facilities.</p>
<br>
<p>That the design of any play area meet the requirements of the Design of</p>
<p>Public Spaces Standard 4.1 under the Integrated Accessibility Standards</p>
<p>Regulation of  the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA);</p>
<p>and that accessibility be considered when selecting appropriate play</p>
<p>equipment.</p>
<br>
<p>iii.</p>
<br>
<p>That the lack of density, housing mix, and affordable housing be</p>
<p>addressed through the inclusion of a mix of housing forms that would meet</p>
<p>a variety of housing needs and income levels; and that consideration be</p>
<br>
<p>Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee</p>
<p>May 20, 2015</p>
<br>
<p>Page 3</p>
<p>iv.</p>
<p>v.</p>
<p>vi.</p>
<p>given to including higher density units closer to Parkhill Road to facilitate access to transit and commercial amenities.  The Transportation Sub- Committee would also encourage the inclusion of accessible units in the housing mix.</p>
<p>That, in keeping with Section 2.2 of the City of Peterborough Sidewalk Policy, sidewalks be provided on both sides of the street.</p>
<p>That the road network layout facilitate the possibility of connections with lands to the east and west to maximize access to future transit routes and opportunities.  The Sub-Committee does not support the proposed enclave road layout with only one point of entry to the development.</p>
<p>That the design promote active transportation through the inclusion of a continuous pedestrian/cycling corridor; a multi-use trail at the south end of the development along the proposed sewer line, and opportunities for connections to existing and future trail facilities; and that the design of any trail meets the requirements of the Design of Public Spaces Standard 4.1 under the Integrated Accessibility Standards Regulation of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).</p>
<p>b) Raising Awareness about Accessible Transit</p>
<p>The Chair suggested that once the transition to the new booking system for the Handi-Van is complete, it might be useful to undertake an initiative to raise awareness about the new system and related methods for booking.  The Chair further suggested that this initiative might also provide an opportunity to promote the accessibility features of conventional transit.</p>
<p>Marie Bongard suggested that CHEX Television might be a good vehicle for raising awareness about accessible transit in the City, as it enjoys a high rate of viewership.</p>
<p>Action Item:  The Transportation Sub-Committee will continue to discuss the possibility of organizing an initiative to raise awareness about the new Handi-Van booking system and the accessible features of conventional transit.</p>
<p>c)  Handi-Van Booking System</p>
<p>Members of the Sub-Committee discussed a number of concerns related to the transition to the new system for booking the Handi-Van.  In particular, there is concern about the way in which the system is presenting information pertaining to pick-up and drop-off times.  It was stressed that people using the Handi-Van often have very specific schedules, which include time with personal support workers; work commitments; meetings; medical and other appointments; etc.  If the Handi-Van does not pick them up within the designated window of time that</p>
<p>Minutes of the AAC Transportation Sub-Committee May 20, 2015</p>
<br>
<p>Page 4</p>
<p>has been pre-arranged, there is a possibility that a rider may miss an appointment or be late for work.</p>
<p>The Sub-Committee also discussed complications associated with bus route detours on Brealey Drive, and in other locations in the city where bus routes are affected by construction.  It was noted that additional methods of advising people of route changes, and any necessary additional steps they will need to take to reach their destination, would be desirable.  Lyn Morris suggested that an automated answering service detailing route detours might be a helpful addition, particularly for people who do not access information on the internet.</p>
<p>The Sub-Committee also noted that in some instances riders recorded as “no shows” on the Handi-Van system may not have deliberately missed their booking.</p>
<p>Kevin Jones indicated that he will follow-up with staff in Transit regarding concerns pertaining to Handi-Van bookings and route detours.  He noted that information pertaining to route detours is posted at the Terminal, and at relevant bus stops throughout the city.</p>
<p>Next Meeting</p>
<p>The next regular meeting of the AAC Transportation Committee is to be held on Wednesday September 2, 2015 at 1:00 p.m., City Board Room, City Hall</p>
<p>Adjourned</p>
<p>Meeting adjourned at 2:20 p.m.</p>
<br></div>